# ann
http://www.redllamatrading.com/

Investor Summary White Llama is the summation of several years of research, product development, testing, patient experience, and distribution for Medical Marijuana Market (MMJ) in California under the name Red Llama Trading. The Opportunity is to leverage our MMJ knowledge, experience, and relationships and extend it all to the growing opportunity in the global, 50-states legal CBD, Non-THC products arena.  Strategy White Llama uses a best-of-shelf strategy for nutraceuticals developed by our team that are superior to existing products you might find in a Whole Foods store. Think of viewing the dozens of natural GRAS approved1 solutions, for say sleep, on a shelf, picking the most effective, best-seller, with clinical test results, and then enriching with CBD, CBC, CBN, CBG, and terpenes from whole plant cannabis (not hemp) extract. These enrichment elements each have an ailment-specific approach to consumer needs. You now have the premier CBD Enriched Nutraceuticals available anywhere. The solutions focus on total body homeostasis (balance) can be sold via Affiliate Marketing groups (MLM, and dispensaries/delivery services) like Amway to build a loyal following. We will release four primary products to engage the market and expand from there. Our exit strategy is to build the XactLife® brand’s highly profitable operation, which we will sell along with Clarus Labs’ intellectual property. Red Llama will be an option for acquisition for licensing prescription formulations in legal states.The products shown are based on currently available white-labeled solutions which have been clinically tested and successful in the market. Our science team added formulations to enrich those products with select CBDs and terpenes for optimized impact under the XactLife brand name With funding described in this summary, we will be able to expand supporting infrastructure and deliver products in 90 days for PAIN, RENEW, SNOOZE, and MOOD. Once these are established, we can gauge the channel (Affiliates) response for current products and the next entrants.  
Development time for enriching and delivering additional new products is 60 days each since the base formulations are ready to go. Additionally, we will deliver our Knowledge Base educational courses - Cannabis Confidential. This will empower sales people with proper selling tools and information to educate and retain their customers who will become their own caregivers… and their trusted brand will be XactLife® from White Llama Global Structure We have established three companies and associated brands for capitalizing on the THC and CBD markets: 1. Clarus Development Labs, LLC – Holding group for all companies, patents, formulas, and intellectual properties. 2. Red Llama Trading: Cannatherapy™ - A CA Prop 215 Non-Profit for the delivery of controlled MMJ solutions 3. White Llama Global (C Corp): XactLife™ – CBD-only, 50-states legal cannabis sourcing, compounding, and distribution.   

Opportunity: 
Funding White Llama There are numerous companies with legal hemp-based products in various forms. They are broad-based solutions with no testing or focused application. White Llama works from an ailment specific solutions viewpoint applied in the most effective way (mist, salve, tablets, tinctures, etc.) using Cannabis (no THC, not from hemp) Whole Plant Spectrum for optimal effectiveness. We use Water Soluble Cannabis for maximum impact (90%+ absorption), as hemp CBDs only provides limited intake (~20%) by the body. We have done a comprehensive competitive evaluation and find with almost no exception that these companies use imported hemp infused into inferior products. We find only one company that is making products for MLM channels which is very complex and suspect to pyramiding schemes. Operations  We have long standing relationships with experienced, licensed marijuana growers in Northern California, Coachella Valley, and Colorado. Zeitgeist Farms is the banner under which we describe these valuable relationships. In addition to raw goods, we have vetted and sourced the highest quality US-grown extract oils and water soluble powders for enriching our products. This reduces the risk of doing our own extraction.  Clarus Development labs is where we retain all our intellectual property derived from work with Red Llama Trading and White Llama Global. This protects these assets from scrutiny by any agency as Red/White Llamas are for sales and distribution purposes Sales Channels We have experience and licensing for distribution in California via our Red Llama Prop 215 company (THC-based products). White Llama products will be sold via direct sales groups, with option online offerings. We have identified and have relationships with these channels currently. Our products are designed for a 6x markup which will give a multi-tiered sales channel plenty of room and incentive for second tier affiliates and customer loyalty discounts. Products may be sold via dispensaries, but this is a terrible channel with no margins, no education, no trust, and they primarily focus on bud. This is why we designed White Llama to be sold via direct sales groups. Key Financials ? Current valuation: $3,000,000 – Funding required: Initial round $900,000 to take us to cash positive in month 6 (30% equity) ? Reserve for second round of $300,000 depending on channel to bridge major sales opportunities which may occur in Q3.  
